gdrive: Service account support; Default credentials; Trash only conf… (#1096)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

Please check out
[Setup a Google Drive DVC Remote](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote) for
a full guide on using Google Drive as DVC remote storage, including how to form

> `gdrive://` URLs, and high-performance/enterprise setups.

Reviewer: same question, it's not about enterprise ... not sure about term high-perofrmance

Reviewer: may be just omit ` including how to form `gdrive://` URLs, and high-performance/enterprise setups.`

Reviewer 2: Hmmm... At least the note about GDrive URL formation is pretty important to have in both remote add and modify, I think.

> - `url` - remote location URL.

Reviewer: put link to how URL is formed right here

Reviewer 2: Hmmm, GDrive URL formation is mentioned and linked in in the paragraph above, seems overkill to repeat it here?

Reviewer: that's the whole point ) no one reads long descriptions (unless you really need to clarify some behavior) :) It's better to remove it from that paragraph (at least mention that the link explain URLs as well) ... or repeat it. The way I would read is a I would start with the list of params and it's really better to be self-descriptive more or less.

Reviewer 2: OK, refactored with shorter p about full guide, and additional links to guide sections in params.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote url gdrive://root/path/to/folder
  ```

> - `gdrive_client_id` - Google Project's **client ID** for authentication with

Reviewer: "Required along with `gdrive_client_secret ` if you use custom app ..." - with a link to the section in the UG

Reviewer 2: Updated

  OAuth 2.0.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_id <client ID>
  ```

- `gdrive_client_secret` - Google Project's **client secret** for authentication
  with OAuth 2.0.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_secret <client secret>
  ```

> - `gdrive_use_service_account` - instructs DVC to authenticate using a

Reviewer: check Google Storage add/modify with some structure/suggestions on these service account options

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand this comment. But remote add doesn't even mention this directly, just links to the full guide. I did already add a link to the service acct section of the full guide under this line. I also added info about which params require which other params. I feel like that may be enough? Otherwise may have to rewrite these cmd ref sections significantly (maybe open a separate issue?)

Reviewer: Sure, up to you.

I meant something like this:

Adding structure like this? Just to combine them and include a link to the full guide and service account google docs? 

<img width="676" alt="Screen Shot 2020-04-01 at 6 41 54 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3659196/78202237-9c7b1200-7448-11ea-95ff-4fd1c39ff03e.png">

Reviewer: Again, up to you - looks good as it is now.

Reviewer 2: You may be right about having a separate section but I have doubts about how GCS remotes work to make sure the section is useful in both types. Leaving this as is for now. Sent you some Qs on slack

Reviewer 2: OK I added a little heading and paragraph about service accounts to link to the guide and separate "regular" params from service acct params.

  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#access-google-drive-remote-with-a-service-account)
  instead of OAuth. Make sure that the service account has read/write access (as
  needed) to the file structure in the remote `url`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_use_service_account true
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_email` - email address of the Google Project's service
  account.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_email <service acct email>
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path` - Google Project's service account
  `.p12` file path.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path path/to/file.p12
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_user_email` - email of a user account to
  [impersonate](https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation)
  with the service account.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_user_email <user account email>
  ```

> - `gdrive_trash_only` - configures DVC to move remote files to

Reviewer: on GC

Reviewer 2: This param only has an effect when using a custom CG project? I thought it was more related to shared drive/folder access permissions.

> 

Reviewer: this one and `remote add` look perfect!

  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_secret <client secret>
  ```

- `gdrive_use_service_account` - instructs DVC to auth with a
  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#configure-the-gdrive-remote-with-a-service-account).

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_use_service_account <True|False>
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_email` - Google Project's
  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#configure-the-gdrive-remote-with-a-service-account)
  email address.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_email <service account email>
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path` - Google Project's
  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#configure-the-gdrive-remote-with-a-service-account)
  `.p12` file path.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path <file_path.p12>
  ```

> - `gdrive_service_account_user_email` - user email to be impersonated by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `gdrive_service_account_user_email` - user email corresponding to the
```

Author: `impersonate some user account` is wide used term for Google Service Accounts mentioned in official docs as well

Reviewer 2: Interesting. OK, how about

```suggestion
- `gdrive_service_account_user_email` - email of the service account to impersonate
```

I'm a little confused about the term "user" here and not sure how/whether to include it. Is there a user account AND a service account (owned by the user) AND a 3rd account that will impersonate?

Reviewer 2: Updated. Moved Q about terminology to https://github.com/iterative/dvc/commit/3ff804b3b28abe67ffa206b92c8345acb61935dd#r38129539.

  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#configure-the-gdrive-remote-with-a-service-account).

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_user_email <user account email>
  ```

- `gdrive_trash_only` - configures DVC to move a remote file to the trash or to
  delete it permanently. By default, is `False`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_trash_only <True|False>

>   ```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this. Can you explain please, so I can think of a suggestion? Thanks

Also, the values should probably be lower case? i.e. `false` in the bullet, and `<true|false>` in the example.

Author: Idea was to specify possible values of the param - True or False. Value from uppercase is a Python style, but I'm not sure that lowercase will be parsed correctly into boolean.

Reviewer 2: I meant please explain what this option does. I don't get it.

As for the letter case, all the other remote params use lower case. The example can probably just be:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_trash_only true
  ```

Reviewer 2: OK found the explanation in iterative/dvc/issues/3477, also Ivan shared some references. Updated!

  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_client_secret <client secret>
  ```

- `gdrive_use_service_account` - instructs DVC to authenticate using a
  [service account](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#configure-the-google-drive-remote-with-a-service-account).

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_use_service_account true
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_email` - email address of the Google Project's service
  account.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_email <service acct email>
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path` - Google Project's service account
  `.p12` file path.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_p12_file_path path/to/file.p12
  ```

- `gdrive_service_account_user_email` - email of the service account to

>   impersonate.

Reviewer 2: Hmmm actually I still don't understand the difference between `gdrive_service_account_email` and `gdrive_service_account_user_email`. Will read about this [impersonation](https://medium.com/google-cloud/impersonating-users-with-google-cloud-platform-service-accounts-ba762db09092) thing...

Reviewer 2: @maxhora I assume this is just an optional gdrive remote config param?

Reviewer 2: the article reads "enables another user or service account to impersonate a service account". So who is impersonating who? `gdrive_service_account_email` impersonates `gdrive_service_account_user_email`? Also could the param names be less similar and more explicit e.g. change the latter for `gdrive_impersonated_service_account_email`?

Author: @jorgeorpinel from the referenced article this option allows to do following:

"But what if you want to do the inverse, ie. impersonate a user with a service account? This is a common use case in a service-based architecture: services will perform actions (eg. store a record, retrieve a blob) on behalf of users."

It might be also possible to impersonate service account with user account, but I haven't seen such option before at all. I would suggest just reference official Google Docs about impersonating. Mainly, `gdrive_service_account_user_email` was included into DVC only because PyDrive2 supports such feature and such feature might be usable to advanced GDrive users who already know why they need users impersonating.

Reviewer 2: Got it, updated now.

But in the Google docs I see no refernces of service accounts impersonating users, only the other way around. Seems like a bit of a hack? E.g. see https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/understanding-service-accounts

Reviewer 2: p.s. I guess this one doc kind of hints at this feature: https://developers.google.com/admin-sdk/directory/v1/guides/delegation

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote gdrive_service_account_user_email <user account email>
  ```

- `gdrive_trash_only` - configures DVC to move remote files to
  [trash](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v2/reference/files/trash)
  instead of
  [deleting](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v2/reference/files/delete)
  them permanently. `false` by default, meaning "delete". Useful for shared

>   drives, where delete permissions may not be given.

Reviewer 2: Do we have a DVC Google org?

- [ ] Let's create a [shared drive](https://developers.google.com/drive/api/v2/about-shareddrives) to test all this with that kind of drive.

Reviewer 2: Cc @shcheklein 🙂

Reviewer: we do have DVC app, we do have Iterative org, you can share your personal drive with your work account to test stuff

Reviewer 2: OMG I forgot about iterative.ai 🤦‍♂ The thing is though, if I create a folder on the org it will still be owned by me, and the Shared drives doc says:

> Shared drives support files owned by an organization rather than an individual user.

So maybe an org owner user has to create it? Or maybe it doesn't matter and its just all confusing wording...

Reviewer 2: Yeah I created a folder in my iterative.ai GDrive but I'm pretty sure it's owned by me, not the org. I will share it with my personal Google acct and test around with it but that's a separate thing. Let's call it "shared folder".

If you can try to create an organization-owned shared drive and some folders and subfolders in it, that would be great @shcheklein. See https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9310249?hl=en&ref_topic=9298590

Reviewer: created the drive! resolving

  $ dvc remote modify myremote projectname myproject
  ```

- `credentailpath` - path of the file that contains
  [service account](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started#creating_a_service_account)
  key. See **Accessing data with a service account** section below.
- `credentailpath` - path to the file that contains the
  [service account key](/doc/user-guide/setup-google-drive-remote#access-google-drive-remote-with-a-service-account).
  Make sure that the service account has read/write access (as needed) to the
  file structure in the remote `url`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote credentailpath "/home/.../project-XXXXXXX.json"
  $ dvc remote modify \
        myremote credentailpath "/home/.../project-XXXXXXX.json"
  ```

> **Accessing data with a service account:**

Reviewer: why removing this?

Reviewer 2: Just refactored so all the info. needed is in the param descriptions.

Reviewer 2: Discussing in https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/1096#discussion_r402006323. Resolving here.
